Add Add-vROPSAdapterVr to Create vSphere Replication Adapter (#140)
vmware-samples/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `Get-vRLIContentPack` cmdlet to support install and upgrade of content packs from the vRealize Log Insight in-product marketplace.
- Added `Get-vROpsLogForwardingConfig` cmdlet to support verification of vRealize Operations log forwarding.
- Added `Get-vROpsLogForwarding` cmdlet to support verification of vRealize Operations log forwarding.

> - Added `Add-vROPSAdapterVr` cmdlet to support adding a vSphere Replication Adpater to vRealize Automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `Add-vROPSAdapterVr` cmdlet to support adding a vSphere Replication adapter to vRealize Operations.
```
